use of obvious resources we are going to
make a recipe for the ratchets that
they pay you clear we can not see all the
people but I would like everyone
will raise the hand of lost wants the
study to whom we should raise the
hand to all
to take them a little bit to take
note about the ingredients that
let's really use if they are this
recipe is great friends with this
Recipe thing to get you and return the money
that a wave but being in good faith
because one lends it in good faith and
also one has to return it from
goodfuente let's get an egg
red be I swallowed it yesterday
ranch a hen take it away and no no
I was left watching the hen ariel
company grabs the chicken wants
be a lot of red game not white of those
they sell there in the store grabs you
You are going to put your perfume and you are going to
go through all the recent body its
feet to the head everything all everything
your whole body completito and you go to
get a crystal glass
preferably so
and an alum stone of this size will
you're going to put the alum stone inside
of the glass and we're going to put holy water
the glass has to be crystalline that
Stable completely with that voice
blessed you were going to throw the egg you can
throw whole or match this is the egg
that inside
it will not break
and in this piece of paper you go against and a
white piece of paper has to be a
virgin parchment if there is no virgin is the
turn of white paper and a pen
Greek and you're going to put org to the marasmus of
tell me is and so and so you are putting
all the names of the people that you
they must the amount of jump and the date
you want to get paid or tomorrow
will now drive the video or not July
not tomorrow you put the full name
the amount that you deviate and all the
people who are owing same and good
roll is the piece of paper and you put it under
of the glass with the egg and we went through a
purple candle or candle that
Call me soon if not there is my
side now a moral candlemaker do me
front for better do not put it next to
glass with the egg you learn it subtracts
is a father is not a bird marie and
thinking that they are going to pay you are consumed
completely the candle you take the game
is all this what you say along with the
all glass the whole bat also together
everything everything gonna throw him the slip of paper
you take out
and roll it up and put it in
an arm also that someone is
crystalline we are going to put holy water
you are not going to close
wrap it in foil and
freezer
and his whole life all that is
great but also during all that
preferably buy a time
black or gray soap that you get in
the daycare to remove that all those
energies and we will be worth you
seven days in a row for which
they want to marry
let's get seven candles from this
size
to hunt to hunt boyfriend but well what
obvious so to get married we commit
on 7 vélez this is going to start tomorrow day
twenty-one
preferably you're going to get a salt
rock that is consciousness in all
We will put all our knees
the candles salt in the same bag
in the same bag all new to him
put the salt and you will put perfume
yours and you're going to be lighting
veladora a daily candle always at the
same hour
if I learn now at 7 o'clock at night
I will always be turning it on
think about you but asking for nothing more
to get married to bring me a boyfriend
responsible and compliant achiever in
night there is very obvious always very
compliers and would be serious things
the bag the chance the perfume and you go
taking one for an hour I'm going to
learn now at nine o'clock at night
he is the disguise I feel that I have the
name of my life I see it already I see it already
I do not see that it arrives
and in all the lit now consumes
fast 49 days are knocking down the
door there's nothing I want to do and not
I have a boyfriend and the batteries
the garment at 49 days finds ship
but a wall or before I believe that before
but the 949 is still for me
that we are monterrey the day and I am going to
speak the truth
today it is good, thank you very much
blind and especially also thanks to
all your social networks that always
are pending assembly a day
something that means all of them
know that I adore them with the soul all
my fans thank you for this support
unconditional that they give it to me with all their
heart
With your love, I do not have what to pay them
I love them and soon I think that
we are going to see all together very
soon everywhere in the USA in
Colombia everywhere would be to be
a cohabitation after you with no
invite part of the people if you are already
invited well if more than an intention
very good and hopefully thank you very much
I believe that Mexico reaches the final with
USA
of winning workshops for the final too
and we'll see
with sports forecasts
we'll see the forecasts